README.md, before:

# Holidaze booking site

# Project-Exam-2

Booking site built with React

<div id="logo" align="center">
  <img src="https://github.com/MaxMartinsen/Project-Exam-2/blob/main/src/assets/image/logo-holidaze.png" width="600" height="250"/>
</div>

### Intro

The Holidaze booking site is a vibrant and user-friendly platform tailored for exploring and booking a diverse range of accommodations. Our specialized system enhances your travel experience by offering a comprehensive selection of venues, from cozy B&Bs to luxurious hotels, ensuring every stay is memorable and perfectly suited to your needs. Whether you're planning a leisurely escape or a business trip, Holidaze is your gateway to discovering exceptional deals, unique accommodations, and unforgettable travel experiences.

### Deployment

The site is hosted on Netlify. Any commit to the `main` branch will trigger a deployment.
The site can be found at [https://holidaze-venue.netlify.app/](https://holidaze-venue.netlify.app/).

## Target Audience

- **Travel Enthusiasts and Vacation Planners**: Ideal for individuals and families seeking convenient booking options for their next vacation or getaway.
- **Business Travelers**: Professionals looking for reliable and comfortable accommodations tailored for work-related trips.
- **Event Organizers and Attendees**: Those coordinating or attending events who need to manage or book multiple lodgings.

## Project Description

The Holidaze booking site project leverages the knowledge and technologies mastered over several terms to create a robust and comprehensive booking platform. Developed with cutting-edge web technologies, this project adheres to the highest standards of web development, providing a seamless, efficient, and enjoyable booking experience for a diverse range of accommodations tailored to meet various needs and preferences.

---

## Built With

This project was build using:

- HTML & Javascript & CSS
- React + Vite
- Prettier
- React Router
- React Redux
- Redux DevTools
- createAsyncThunk
- Redux Toolkit
- Vite-plugin-inspect
- Netlify

## Tool

### React + Vite

This template provides a minimal setup to get React working in Vite with HMR and some ESLint rules.

Currently, two official plugins are available:

- [@vitejs/plugin-react](https://github.com/vitejs/vite-plugin-react/blob/main/packages/plugin-react/README.md) uses [Babel](https://babeljs.io/) for Fast Refresh
- [@vitejs/plugin-react-swc](https://github.com/vitejs/vite-plugin-react-swc) uses [SWC](https://swc.rs/) for Fast Refresh

### Vite-plugin-inspect

Inspect the intermediate state of Vite plugins. Useful for debugging and authoring plugins.

- [vite-plugin-inspect@v0.7.0](https://www.npmjs.com/package/vite-plugin-inspect)

### Prettier

Prettier is an opinionated code formatter

- [prettier](https://prettier.io/)

### React Router

Routing in React refers to navigating and linking between different pages in React.

- [react-router-dom](https://reactrouter.com/en/main)

### React Redux

React Redux is the official React UI bindings layer for Redux. It lets your React components read data from a Redux store, and dispatch actions to the store to update state.

- [react-redux](https://react-redux.js.org/)

### createAsyncThunk

A function that accepts a Redux action type string and a callback function that should return a promise. It generates promise lifecycle action types based on the action type prefix that you pass in, and returns a thunk action creator that will run the promise callback and dispatch the lifecycle actions based on the returned promise.

- [createAsyncThunk](https://redux-toolkit.js.org/api/createAsyncThunk)

### Redux DevTools

It is advisable to use it to work with the application.

Redux DevTools for debugging application's state changes.

The extension provides power-ups for your Redux development workflow. Apart from Redux, it can be used with any other architectures which handle the state.

This is an open source project. See the official repository for more details: - [redux-devtools](https://github.com/reduxjs/redux-devtools)

### Redux Toolkit

State Management: As React applications grow, managing state across components becomes increasingly complex. Redux is a popular library for managing application state in a predictable way. [@reduxjs/toolkit](https://redux-toolkit.js.org/) is the official, opinionated, batteries-included toolset for efficient Redux development. It simplifies common tasks such as store setup, creating reducers, asynchronous logic, and more.

### Babel

Babel is a JavaScript compiler that is used to convert ECMAScript 2015+ code into a backwards compatible version of JavaScript in current and older browsers or environments.

## Site architecture

- Venues Page

- Venue Page

- Contact Page

- About Page

- Settings Page

- Bookings Page

- Manager Dashboard

---

## Getting Started

### Installing

- Clone the repo:

```bash
git clone git@github.com/MaxMartinsen/Project-Exam-2.git
```

- Run `npm install` from inside the project folder to install dependencies.

- Run `npm run dev` to start the development server.

## Running Tests

### Jest

Jest is a delightful JavaScript testing framework with a focus on simplicity.

This project uses Jest for testing. To run the tests, use the following command:

```bash
npm run test
```

### @testing-library/react

Testing utilities for React components.

- [@testing-library/react](https://testing-library.com/docs/react-testing-library/intro/)

### jest-svg-transformer

A Jest transformer for SVG files to mock them during tests.

- [jest-svg-transformer](https://www.npmjs.com/package/jest-svg-transformer)

### identity-obj-proxy

A Jest transformer for CSS modules to mock them during tests.

- [identity-obj-proxy](https://www.npmjs.com/package/identity-obj-proxy)

---

## Contributing

As this being a school project, it is not open for contributions.

---

## Contact

To get in contact with me regarding this project, please use one of the below options:

- [My LinkedIn page](https://www.linkedin.com/in/max-martinsen-87ba80241/)
- On discord where my username is: Max Martinsen– Aug22 FT#4957

## Acknowledgments

[Noroff](https://www.noroff.no/en)

## Authors

Max Martinsen

Commit message:

Created cypress test
Add detailed instructions for running Cypress tests to README.md

README.md, after:

# Holidaze booking site

# Project-Exam-2

Booking site built with React

<div id="logo" align="center">
  <img src="https://github.com/MaxMartinsen/Project-Exam-2/blob/main/src/assets/image/logo-holidaze.png" width="600" height="250"/>
</div>

### Intro

The Holidaze booking site is a vibrant and user-friendly platform tailored for exploring and booking a diverse range of accommodations. Our specialized system enhances your travel experience by offering a comprehensive selection of venues, from cozy B&Bs to luxurious hotels, ensuring every stay is memorable and perfectly suited to your needs. Whether you're planning a leisurely escape or a business trip, Holidaze is your gateway to discovering exceptional deals, unique accommodations, and unforgettable travel experiences.

### Deployment

The site is hosted on Netlify. Any commit to the `main` branch will trigger a deployment.
The site can be found at [https://holidaze-venue.netlify.app/](https://holidaze-venue.netlify.app/).

## Target Audience

- **Travel Enthusiasts and Vacation Planners**: Ideal for individuals and families seeking convenient booking options for their next vacation or getaway.
- **Business Travelers**: Professionals looking for reliable and comfortable accommodations tailored for work-related trips.
- **Event Organizers and Attendees**: Those coordinating or attending events who need to manage or book multiple lodgings.

## Project Description

The Holidaze booking site project leverages the knowledge and technologies mastered over several terms to create a robust and comprehensive booking platform. Developed with cutting-edge web technologies, this project adheres to the highest standards of web development, providing a seamless, efficient, and enjoyable booking experience for a diverse range of accommodations tailored to meet various needs and preferences.

---

## Built With

This project was build using:

- HTML & Javascript & CSS
- React + Vite
- Prettier
- React Router
- React Redux
- Redux DevTools
- createAsyncThunk
- Redux Toolkit
- Vite-plugin-inspect
- Netlify

## Tool

### React + Vite

This template provides a minimal setup to get React working in Vite with HMR and some ESLint rules.

Currently, two official plugins are available:

- [@vitejs/plugin-react](https://github.com/vitejs/vite-plugin-react/blob/main/packages/plugin-react/README.md) uses [Babel](https://babeljs.io/) for Fast Refresh
- [@vitejs/plugin-react-swc](https://github.com/vitejs/vite-plugin-react-swc) uses [SWC](https://swc.rs/) for Fast Refresh

### Vite-plugin-inspect

Inspect the intermediate state of Vite plugins. Useful for debugging and authoring plugins.

- [vite-plugin-inspect@v0.7.0](https://www.npmjs.com/package/vite-plugin-inspect)

### Prettier

Prettier is an opinionated code formatter

- [prettier](https://prettier.io/)

### React Router

Routing in React refers to navigating and linking between different pages in React.

- [react-router-dom](https://reactrouter.com/en/main)

### React Redux

React Redux is the official React UI bindings layer for Redux. It lets your React components read data from a Redux store, and dispatch actions to the store to update state.

- [react-redux](https://react-redux.js.org/)

### createAsyncThunk

A function that accepts a Redux action type string and a callback function that should return a promise. It generates promise lifecycle action types based on the action type prefix that you pass in, and returns a thunk action creator that will run the promise callback and dispatch the lifecycle actions based on the returned promise.

- [createAsyncThunk](https://redux-toolkit.js.org/api/createAsyncThunk)

### Redux DevTools

It is advisable to use it to work with the application.

Redux DevTools for debugging application's state changes.

The extension provides power-ups for your Redux development workflow. Apart from Redux, it can be used with any other architectures which handle the state.

This is an open source project. See the official repository for more details: - [redux-devtools](https://github.com/reduxjs/redux-devtools)

### Redux Toolkit

State Management: As React applications grow, managing state across components becomes increasingly complex. Redux is a popular library for managing application state in a predictable way. [@reduxjs/toolkit](https://redux-toolkit.js.org/) is the official, opinionated, batteries-included toolset for efficient Redux development. It simplifies common tasks such as store setup, creating reducers, asynchronous logic, and more.

### Babel

Babel is a JavaScript compiler that is used to convert ECMAScript 2015+ code into a backwards compatible version of JavaScript in current and older browsers or environments.

## Site architecture

- Venues Page

- Venue Page

- Contact Page

- About Page

- Settings Page

- Bookings Page

- Manager Dashboard

---

## Getting Started

## Installing

- Clone the repo:

```bash
git clone git@github.com/MaxMartinsen/Project-Exam-2.git
```

- Run `npm install` from inside the project folder to install dependencies.

- Run `npm run dev` to start the development server.

## Running Tests

### Jest

Jest is a delightful JavaScript testing framework with a focus on simplicity.

This project uses Jest for testing. To run the tests, use the following command:

```bash
npm run test
```

### Cypress

Cypress is a JavaScript end-to-end testing framework that is used to test the complete functionality of web applications.

To run Cypress tests, use the following command:

```bash
npm run cypress
```

This command will:

1. Start the Vite server.

2. Wait for the server to be available at http://localhost:3000.

3. Open Cypress once the server is available.

### @testing-library/react

Testing utilities for React components.

- [@testing-library/react](https://testing-library.com/docs/react-testing-library/intro/)

### jest-svg-transformer

A Jest transformer for SVG files to mock them during tests.

- [jest-svg-transformer](https://www.npmjs.com/package/jest-svg-transformer)

### identity-obj-proxy

A Jest transformer for CSS modules to mock them during tests.

- [identity-obj-proxy](https://www.npmjs.com/package/identity-obj-proxy)

---

## Contributing

As this being a school project, it is not open for contributions.

---

## Contact

To get in contact with me regarding this project, please use one of the below options:

- [My LinkedIn page](https://www.linkedin.com/in/max-martinsen-87ba80241/)
- On discord where my username is: Max Martinsen– Aug22 FT#4957

## Acknowledgments

[Noroff](https://www.noroff.no/en)

## Authors

Max Martinsen
